Add web editor documentation (#357)
mintlify/docs: web-editor.mdx

  <img src="/images/editor/mode-toggle-dark.png" className="hidden dark:block" />
</Frame>

### Visual Editor

The **"Visual Editor"** is the typical WYSIWYG mode you'd see in something like Notion.
It offers you a view into your docs in a fully editable way that reflects what the final
page would look like on your main docs site.

### Source Editor

The **"Source Editor"** offers you a way to edit your MDX files in code, the same way
you'd do in your IDE. This offers less flexibility, in that our components aren't available
for auto-complete, but it does have two unique advantages.

1. It allows you to edit props of components (see our [limitations below](#current-limitations))
which is currently not available in **"Visual Editor"** mode yet.

2. It allows you to correct syntax errors which might've appeared in your repo that
might not be compatible with **"Visual Editor"** mode until you've fixed them.

### Diff View

The **"Diff View"** is a way to view the changes made to a specific document before
committing it to your repository.

This will help you see changes you've made along with formatting changes made by
the editor.

> ## Current limitations

Reviewer: do openapi files work? should we add as a limitation

Author: Ahh very true, thank you kind sir.

We do have a few current limitations in the editor that we're working on resolving.

<AccordionGroup>
  <Accordion title="Editing the props of components">
    In components like `<Card>` and `<Accordion>` which have props like title, icon,
    href, etc., you currently cannot edit those props without going to the **"Source Editor"**
  </Accordion>

  <Accordion title="WYSIWYG navigation tree">
    You currently cannot live-update your navigation based on added/edited files. You
    still have to manually edit renamed, added, and deleted files in your `mint.json`
  </Accordion>

  <Accordion title="Snippet previews">
    We currently don't show any previews for custom snippets. This is on our roadmap to support
    as fully editable components.
  </Accordion>

  <Accordion title="Keyboard navigation">

>     There are currently some bugs around keyboard navigation that we're working resolving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    There are currently some bugs around keyboard navigation that we're working to resolve.
```

Author: Fixed, thank you kindly
